README.md, before:

# Confidential Container Tools and Components 
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.com/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fconfidential-containers%2Fimage-rs.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.com/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fconfidential-containers%2Fimage-rs?ref=badge_shield)

This repository includes tools and components for confidential container images.

## Components

[Attestation Agent](attestation-agent)
An agent for facilitating attestation protocols.
Can be built as a library to run in a process-based enclave or built as a process that runs inside a confidential vm.

[image-rs](image-rs)
Rust implementation of the container image management library.

[ocicrypt-rs](ocicrypt-rs)
Rust implementation of the OCI image encryption library.

[api-server-rest](api-server-rest)
CoCo Restful API server.

[confidential-data-hub](confidential-data-hub)
Confidential Data Hub.

[coco-keyprovider](attestation-agent/coco_keyprovider/)
CoCo Keyprovider. Used to encrypt the container images.

## Tools

[secret-cli](confidential-data-hub/hub/src/bin/secret_cli.rs)
Utility for sealing and unsealing sealed secrets

[CDH Client](confidential-data-hub/hub/src/bin)
A tool for exercising CDH endpoints

[CDH Go Client](confidential-data-hub/golang)
A Go tool for exercising CDH endpoints

[CDH (One Shot)](confidential-data-hub/hub/src/bin/cdh-oneshot.rs)
One Shot version of CDH

[CoCo Keyprovider](attestation-agent/coco_keyprovider)
Keyprovider endpoint for encrypting images

## Build

A `Makefile` is provided to quickly build Attestation Agent/Api Server Rest/Confidential Data Hub for a given platform.

```shell
make build TEE_PLATFORM=$(TEE_PLATFORM)
make install DESTDIR=/usr/local/bin
```

The `TEE_PLATFORM` parameter can be
- `none`: for tests with non-confidential guests
- `all`: for all following platforms
- `fs`: for platforms with encrypted root filesystems (i.e. s390x)
- `tdx`: for Intel TDX
- `az-tdx-vtpm`: for Intel TDX with Azure vTPM
- `sev`: for AMD SEV(-ES)
- `snp`: for AMD SEV-SNP
- `amd`: for both AMD SEV(-ES) and AMD SEV-SNP
- `az-snp-vtpm`: for AMD SEV-SNP with Azure vTPM
- `se`: for IBM Secure Execution (SE)

by default, `kbs`/`sev` as a resource provider will be built in Confidential Data Hub. If you do not want enable any
default except for only builtin `offline-fs-kbc`, you can build with `NO_RESOURCE_PROVIDER` flag set to `true`.

```shell
make build TEE_PLATFORM=$(TEE_PLATFORM) NO_RESOURCE_PROVIDER=true
```

## Unit Test Coverage

Run the following command to generate the unit test coverage report.
```
cargo llvm-cov --ignore-filename-regex='(image-rs|ocicrypt-rs|confidential-data-hub/hub/src/bin/protos|attestation-agent/kbs_protocol/src/ttrpc_protos|attestation-agent/attestation-agent/src/bin/ttrpc_dep/ttrpc_protocol)/' \
    --ignore-run-fail -p attestation-agent \
    -p attester \
    -p crypto \
    -p resource_uri \
    -p kbs_protocol \
    -p confidential-data-hub \
    --features bin,ttrpc,rust-crypto,coco_as,kbs,aliyun,tdx-attester,system-attester \
    --html --no-default-features
```

## License
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.com/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fconfidential-containers%2Fimage-rs.svg?type=large)](https://app.fossa.com/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fconfidential-containers%2Fimage-rs?ref=badge_large)

Commit message:

Add GuanFu build workflow for AnolisOS23 and update RPM packaging
- Adding a new guanfu-build job to build AnolisOS23 RPM packages
- Creating a buildspec template for Trustiflux on AnolisOS23
- Updating the RPM installation command to properly handle AnolisOS23 packages
- Add README.md for Reproducible rpm build

Signed-off-by: 1570005763 <daniel.duan@linux.alibaba.com>

README.md, after:

# Confidential Container Tools and Components 
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.com/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fconfidential-containers%2Fimage-rs.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.com/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fconfidential-containers%2Fimage-rs?ref=badge_shield)

This repository includes tools and components for confidential container images.

## Components

[Attestation Agent](attestation-agent)
An agent for facilitating attestation protocols.
Can be built as a library to run in a process-based enclave or built as a process that runs inside a confidential vm.

[image-rs](image-rs)
Rust implementation of the container image management library.

[ocicrypt-rs](ocicrypt-rs)
Rust implementation of the OCI image encryption library.

[api-server-rest](api-server-rest)
CoCo Restful API server.

[confidential-data-hub](confidential-data-hub)
Confidential Data Hub.

[coco-keyprovider](attestation-agent/coco_keyprovider/)
CoCo Keyprovider. Used to encrypt the container images.

## Tools

[secret-cli](confidential-data-hub/hub/src/bin/secret_cli.rs)
Utility for sealing and unsealing sealed secrets

[CDH Client](confidential-data-hub/hub/src/bin)
A tool for exercising CDH endpoints

[CDH Go Client](confidential-data-hub/golang)
A Go tool for exercising CDH endpoints

[CDH (One Shot)](confidential-data-hub/hub/src/bin/cdh-oneshot.rs)
One Shot version of CDH

[CoCo Keyprovider](attestation-agent/coco_keyprovider)
Keyprovider endpoint for encrypting images

## Build

A `Makefile` is provided to quickly build Attestation Agent/Api Server Rest/Confidential Data Hub for a given platform.

```shell
make build TEE_PLATFORM=$(TEE_PLATFORM)
make install DESTDIR=/usr/local/bin
```

The `TEE_PLATFORM` parameter can be
- `none`: for tests with non-confidential guests
- `all`: for all following platforms
- `fs`: for platforms with encrypted root filesystems (i.e. s390x)
- `tdx`: for Intel TDX
- `az-tdx-vtpm`: for Intel TDX with Azure vTPM
- `sev`: for AMD SEV(-ES)
- `snp`: for AMD SEV-SNP
- `amd`: for both AMD SEV(-ES) and AMD SEV-SNP
- `az-snp-vtpm`: for AMD SEV-SNP with Azure vTPM
- `se`: for IBM Secure Execution (SE)

by default, `kbs`/`sev` as a resource provider will be built in Confidential Data Hub. If you do not want enable any
default except for only builtin `offline-fs-kbc`, you can build with `NO_RESOURCE_PROVIDER` flag set to `true`.

```shell
make build TEE_PLATFORM=$(TEE_PLATFORM) NO_RESOURCE_PROVIDER=true
```

## Release

We provide the following types of release packages:

- **RPM Packages**: Including source packages (SRPMS) and binary packages (RPMS).

### Supported Distributions

- Alibaba Cloud Linux 3
- AnolisOS 23

### Reproducible Builds

We provide reproducible builds implemented with [GuanFu](https://github.com/1570005763/GuanFu/tree/v1.0.0) to ensure verifiability. This means that anyone can reproduce the same build results in the same environment.

For detailed instructions on how to perform local rebuilds, please refer to the [Build Specifications README](REPRODUCIBLE_BUILD.md).

### Supply Chain Security

We generate SLSA Level 3+ provenance files to ensure supply chain security, providing additional trust guarantees for users.

## Unit Test Coverage

Run the following command to generate the unit test coverage report.
```
cargo llvm-cov --ignore-filename-regex='(image-rs|ocicrypt-rs|confidential-data-hub/hub/src/bin/protos|attestation-agent/kbs_protocol/src/ttrpc_protos|attestation-agent/attestation-agent/src/bin/ttrpc_dep/ttrpc_protocol)/' \
    --ignore-run-fail -p attestation-agent \
    -p attester \
    -p crypto \
    -p resource_uri \
    -p kbs_protocol \
    -p confidential-data-hub \
    --features bin,ttrpc,rust-crypto,coco_as,kbs,aliyun,tdx-attester,system-attester \
    --html --no-default-features
```

## License
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.com/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fconfidential-containers%2Fimage-rs.svg?type=large)](https://app.fossa.com/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fconfidential-containers%2Fimage-rs?ref=badge_large)
